Toxic Work Environment  Why do clients and boss think they have all the authority in the world?
Today our CEO gave threat to our whole team that she'll not allow any holiday for next 3 months whether it is Diwali, weekend, weding, hospitalisation and we have to login and work regardless of anything.
Amidst so many talks going on about mental health, how does this make any sense? 
Feeling so drained at the moment, so want to quit this job :⁠-⁠(
Word fixation?? Does anyone else ever fixate on words? What I mean is multiple times a day I’ll be having a conversation with someone or watching tv and during whatever said person is saying a lot of the times my brain will hear a word and that’s all I can think about while they continue talking to me. All I can focus on is repeating the word over and over in my head and will even spell it out and sometime (if I can do it subtly) will use my finger to write the word out on my leg or in the air. I was diagnosed with Anxiety about 15 years ago and am unsure if anxiety has anything to do with it but it gets frustrating especially when I’m at work and a superior is trying to tell me something and all my brain can do is focus on one dumb little word. The words for example could be anything - rescued, lively, perform, homework. I’m not “triggered” by any certain words it’s always just very random.  
Why do I have such a hard time putting myself out there? Long story short, I love music and it's something that's always been a big part of my life. I play multiple instruments (piano being my main instrument) and I also sing. I love it, but the problem is I HATE singing in front of people. Back when I used to have singing lessons I would get so anxious about singing in front of my teacher that I often ended up not going at all. I also hardly ever sing in front of my parents, but the few times I have they've always been really nice about it despite me being terrified. The funny thing is I actually think I'm quite good at singing, and whenever I've gotten the courage to post a video of myself singing (it's easier to post a video because I can always choose the best take) I've had a lot of people being really impressed by my singing. But then I've also had moments where I look at old videos of myself singing and realise it's actually not that good, even though I remember thinking it was when recording it. So that then makes me question if I only think it's good now, but after a few years I'll watch a video of me singing during this time and realise it's bad again. 

Anyway, I just recently learned to sing a french song that I've loved for a long time. I don't actually speak french, but I learned what the lyrics meant and tried my best to imitate the pronunciation of the artist. Then today I suddenly got the courage to sing it in front of my mum while playing piano. It was even worse than usual because not only was I singing in front of her, but I was also singing in a language I didn't know, so I was nervous about my voice AND my pronunciation. Well once again I actually think I did quite well, and my mum was really impressed too, but soon after that I started feeling really bad about myself. I just felt so embarrassed and started regretting I did it. I feel like I've gone through this same thing every time I've sang in front of my parents, and I don't know why. I just don't get where it's coming from because once again I didn't think my singing OR my pronunciation was bad. Maybe it really is just the fear that I'm only thinking that it wasn't bad when in reality it was and I just don't realise it…
My partner broke up with me because she found her dharma. My ex (26F) is deeply involved in spirituality, initially focused on astrology, which caused tension due to "astrological incompatibility". We fixed the actual actual issues we had and went back together, and she delved into New Age beliefs like transcendental meditation, quantum physics, crystals, and positive vibrations. She became fixated on spiritual topics, criticizing my mindset for not attracting positivity (I work full time and am looking for a better position) and saying life a lie and nothing really matters. She was raised Christian.

Her situation: her parents live far away and both had health scares this year, her living situation is not the best (housemate also going through big life changes) and she feels overwhelmed in her part-time job. She spent the summer with a just one friend engaging in spiritual activities, conspiracy theories, and manifesting money talks. I was concerned about her growing detachment and obsession with spirituality, I said I respected her beliefs (even engage with her in some practices) but neglecting everything for such beliefs was unhealthy.

I spent a few days with her and everything seemed good but I noticed her growing detached from everyone but this one friend. She was hyper-focused on spirituality and wanting to suddenly move back to her town permanently. I said that I was okay with the idea and that we could see how it goes if I found a remote work position or have a long-distance relationship while I find a better job opportunity, but right now it didn't seem possible **for me** to move all the way there. The last few days we spent together she kept saying she didn't want to work, she didn't want to come back home, she didn't want to go back to the office and face her boss, she was gonna manifest abundance and not work anymore, etc.

Back in the city, she told me she didn't know when, but she was leaving. I told her to calm down and think about the life she had built all these years, but she kept insisting that her parents needed to be taken care of and that this one **awakened** friend was the only one who got her and raises her vibrations. She said she only wanted to meditate and ignore the world. Obviously I got worried and this ended up causing problems between us because she had reassured me that she was ready for us to live together (now) and to raise a family (in the future) and now she wanted the complete opposite.

Two days later she ended up dumping me saying that she had had many spiritual awakenings this summer and the universe was telling her to go back to her town with her parents and isolate from the world, that this was her **dharma** and that she knew it wasn't the life I wanted and I would end up resenting her. I tried to reason with her, to calm her down (crying hysterically) and explain that she was under a lot of stress and she had found comfort in spirituality and that was good but she was letting it take over her life. She kept saying that she saw the signs and sinchronicities everywhere confirming what the universe was telling her: timestamps, license plates, etc. She hadn't slept correctly for two days in a row.
Emotional numbness Went from feeling too many emotions and constant cortisol spikes to now no emotions at all, not even empathy. Is this normal? I don't feel sadness, excitement, or happiness.
Struggling with crying jags that occur suddenly long post ahead, please help me with this ( tl:dr at the end) 

this is not my story \[I am gonna narrate as if it was mine \] but of a person I know (19f), I was in Chemistry Lab yesterday and was having a fun time ( it was genuinely fun ) and I was enjoying, suddenly 5 minutes before the class was supposed to end I started getting these crying episodes which randomly come and go ( they have happened in the past year too when I was struggling with depression ) and I could not stop myself from crying.

Tried real hard to pass it off and not cry, asked my friend for emotional support which was a futile attempt. I started crying real hard without identifying the cause of this and it just happened again suddenly and I could not process, My mind started showing me the memories of last year and I felt the timelines blending into one another and I felt the horrors of last year as if it were happening right now although this did not cause the trigger which led me to cry.

started crying and one of my friend tried to help me in the process, made me laugh (mind you I still couldn't stop crying) and after that I cried again for no apparent reason. This continued for more 20 minutes and I was waiting for someone who could help me emotionally and I was helpless at that point wondering why I could not stop crying and why was I crying in the first place. This friend of mine I called and told the story started talking with me and after around 7 minutes of conversation on call , I stopped crying and it seemed like I was distracted enough to not cry.

This happened yesterday but several weeks ago I started crying for no apparent reason in the morning and same thing happened yesterday.

I have consulted my psychiatrist and he could not find the cause for it (he is the best in my city). These crying episodes used to happen last year (with more frequency) and I could not stop crying for hours on end (this was when I was struggling with depression), now my life has improved comparatively and these incidents have started to slow down a little bit, but the very cause of this unknown crying jags is still unknown and that thing is kinda scary

(tl:dr suddenly crying after enjoying so much and for no apparent reason,  cant control myself to not cry in these moments, although the frequency of these episodes have slowed down, the cause is still unknown)
I hate this feeling After feeling empty or sad, having no energy, not being able to do anything, having no energy, i get a burst of energy, i want to do fun things, i plan things for the future, i want to pick up old hobbies again, im motivated, it doesnt last long, it gives me false hope, like why does this always happen.
Progress. Small but progress Ok so, I've gotten much calmer, and can confidently say that I'll definitely be getting much more sleep tonight :) me and my mother  discussed everything and brought me back down to relatively logical thinking, yes I am hyperaware of myself but I need a reassuring and strong voice. The issue was my boyfriend, now, before you even think badly of him, he is the sweetest, kindest most loving man in the history of men. He is everything you'd ever want, but my mom said he takes a very empathetic approach and instead of building off of my experience I think more because of the empathy I'm being given yk? Like he's caring and saying it'll get better but he himself isn't firm enough yk? But anyways, I'm super happy and relived rn :) thank you all
I’ve chosen to give up There’s no place for a person like me. I am not made for anybody’s love. There is no need or want for my existence. I just hope something kills me soon since I’d probably fail if I tried to do it myself.
How do functioning depressed people cope ? 
Idk if the flair is correct or not. Idek what I’m looking for tbh. Something tragic has happened to me recently and idk it’s been 6-7 months since I have left the house properly.  I go out only when necessary like when absolutely forced to which has been maybe only a couple times within last 7 months. 

For context,  I have always just wanted to try to get away from my family. I never had much dreams like “ Oh I wanna be this, I wanna be that”. Just wanted to earn and be somewhere far enough that I’ll never have to see my family again. I came very close to that but everything failed and it’s not even my fault. I am trying again actually but things seem pretty much in shambles again. 

I am not diagnosed or anything, I can’t get professional help either. But I think I do show signs of OCD. I have a compulsive need to be productive and stick to a schedule. I need things to work a certain way or I lose it. I try to keep myself busy as much as I can but I have pretty much no interest in even doing the things I keep myself busy with. 

I read a lot, sometimes I draw. I have been enrolling in some online courses to keep myself busy as well. I talk to a few people on an everyday basis. But I am not okay doing any of this. 

I don’t find it fun to read it’s just a chore now. I want to tear everything up if my drawing is not good enough. The online courses I do I feel sleepy in and barely pass the tests. I don’t enjoy talking to the people I talk to. I enjoy talking to my bf but he’s very rarely available. 

I have a friend who I talk to when I have literally lost it and start self harming and have issues breathing. It calms me down to talk to him.

I try to talk to my friend who seems to understand what I am going through but I still have doubts he understands. My bf is a terrible texter, so it doesn’t help much even tho he tries really hard to which I appreciate.  No matter where I go to I feel there’s nothing which can help me. 

What do you do when you feel the need to be doing something constantly so that your mind shuts up? If I could I’d keep myself occupied every second. 
WFH jobs for the socially anxious? I have social anxiety (and depression) and I'm struggling with looking for a remote job. I am currently trying social media managing and have been looking for about a month and still nothing. I am also a single mum so a job at home is ideal. Any suggestions?

  
Edit: I thought I'd add more details. I am a young mum struggling with single parenthood and I know I do my best, and people around me are proud of the mum I've become and tell me my son is a happy and delightful boy. But because of this, I was not able to figure out what work I wanted to do. I am lost and I feel purposeless. 
Viewing the body and the consciousness separately If there was something that you didn't like about your own body, would it be a valid way of thinking to separate yourself, that is, your conscious being, from your body in order to function normally? The thinking being that if you feel like someone has a negative opinion about your body, you say to yourself "well that's fine because my body isn't me, my consciousness is actually me, not my body". I am thinking it might free me up a little to think that way?
 i was anxious my whole life and i didn't even realize that  Honestly, anxiety has been affecting my whole life , What's strange, and maybe even a bit funny, is that I never thought of myself as someone who gets anxious. Since I don't have the typical reactions most people have when they're anxious, I often just go about doing my work like everything's normal. But now I'm starting to realize how much anxiety i can  be actually jow it is  impact my mental health. The tricky part is, I didn’t even know I was anxious in the first place. It's like I’m only just becoming aware of it
just had the weirdest dream and it's kinda freaking me out So in the dream, I think I was at church or smth, and I drove home afterwards. I wasn't feeling well, so I went upstairs and stared at myself in the mirror. And my mirror image was me, except it wasn't, because it was moving a little more than I was. Like if I rose my hand, it would do the same thing but then move its hand a little to the side. Dream me was freaking out at this point, and then all of a sudden mirror me started moving closer, almost like it was coming through the mirror. I screamed and fell backwards onto my bed, and then had a weird tumbling sensation. After my brain had stopped spinning, I rushed downstairs to tell my mom what had happened. That's when my alarm woke me up.

has anyone experienced this kinda thing before? idk why it was so unsettling to me 🫣

In context about a month ago I got diagnosed with anxiety, panic disorder, and depression. Idk if that might have something to do with the dream or not, but I thought I'd put that out there
Psychosis and Cptsd: my experience 
im currently struggling with writing this post due to my unmedicated psychosis. i will use chatgpt to correct this. 

to begin, ive had cptsd since i was 9 due to the sexual abuses i received when i was a kid from my biological father. not only, i also got psychically and mentally abused. when my mom started seeing that i was having attacks of hallucinations of seeing eyes that wanted to kill me on walls she decided to make me see a psychologist. i started EMDR therapy for about 2 years and then the judge said that i couldn’t continue the therapy as i was needed as a witness in my dad’s trial of sexual abuse to the 8yo me. since then i haven’t got medicated in any way, about a month ago i started feeling the first symptoms of psychosis. i woke up one day, terrified and crying as i was sure someone took my finger away from my hand while i was sleeping, and i could actually feel a finger missing while there wasn’t. i started having really bad and violent hallucinations and couldn’t take care of my self or even eat because the voices i heard said to me that i was being poisoned. i once got terrified of eating my steak that was in the plate because i thought that it was made out of cheese, and that thing for some reason scared the shit out of me and didn’t eat for the whole day. the voices i hear are saying to me from the past 4 days to shave my head for no reason. 
PS: most of the time i don’t know when im hallucinating as its really hard to distinguish what’s real and what’s not. i’m currently locked in my bathroom
i didn’t use chatgpt 
Am I suffering from OCD?  I, 25f, am a very needy partner. I have this problem where I repeatedly call and message my SO if they are not picking up my call or calling me back. I face this weird stubbornness and irresistibility that prevents me from holding myself to not disturb my SO. Most of my relationships have ended due to this. I often feel lonely (even if I am in a relationship) and have self-harming thoughts. I have seeked therapy regarding this before they gave me some advice regarding doing exercises and stuff, basically keeping myself engaged. But I keep finding myself in the same position again and again. I need help and advice. 
What I wish I could’ve told younger me [TW: DEPRESSION] I am a F (19) and I regret everything I did was from the day I turned 15. I didn’t have a lot of experiences like teenagers my age. Throughout high school and middle school, I never went to a sports game, I never went to a dance, I never participated in senior activities, and I didn’t walk the stage. Amongst other things, I never went on a date with a man, nor have I ever had intercourse. Which I’m not really complaining about. I am extremely beautiful, and I have had many men approach me. Though, it does bother me that it’s one more thing I haven’t done. I don’t know how to drive either. I have very strict parents if that wasn’t clear. When I was 15, I began to daydream to make up for what I lacked. So instead of physically being there, and physically doing things that I couldn’t, I coped by making them up in my mind. I imagined what it’d be like going to a game by watching snap stories of the girls my age, and I even came up with my prom dress and who I was going to go with. I knew I’d never have the chance to actually experience it. And a lot of people don’t. I don’t know why it bothers me so much, but I feel like my childhood trauma has been weighing on me heavy these days. I was m0lested at 9 years old by a family friend, and don’t really care to confront the person either. I don’t hold grudges to sick people because I am sick too as disgusting as it sounds. I was bullied in high school, and I cried every day. I sat alone, until boys made their way to me, just to flirt and then be disappointed that I didn’t want a conversation. And perhaps I like to be alone and miserable. Maybe it’s just the way that I am. I have disappointed me more than I have ever done anyone. I didn’t make any of younger me’s wishes come true. Because I gave up on them. I simply dream of them. And I’m sad to say that I am satisfied like that. I will always be a delusional woman, who will never have anything real, because I have made my own self sick in the head. I’ve tried edibles for anxiety, but I noticed that I became very obsessed with it, almost like an addiction so I had to give it up. I’ve never drank before. I did abu5e pills when I tried to OD at 14 years old, but that’s about it. S3lf harming actually felt good. I do still miss doing that to myself, but I promised to someone very dear to my heart, that I wouldn’t do it again. So I haven’t. I suspect that I have BPD and some form of Bipolar. I see it a lot in my mother. So I should probably look into a therapist, you know, when I get a job, so that I can have money to afford it. I am currently doing uni online, but I’m barely even opening my laptop these days. Perhaps I will always be a dreamer with nothing else to fulfill me. Maybe it’s better if I just marry a bad man, so that for once, my sadness wouldn’t be my fault. I am not looking for help, or advice. I wanted to bring awareness to mental health and how it can truly ruin a persons life. Beautiful or ugly, fat or skinny, everyone will taste sadness after all. Judge me if you want. I chose this life for myself, and now I have to lay in it. Some souls aren’t destined for peace, and mine is amongst them I suppose. This is my very first real post. So yeah. Sorry if I did it wrong, I don’t really know.
Helping a friend So I have this friend at school, he is a really nice guy and really innocent or was. The Problem is some of my other friends are a little edgy and there is this other guy who is really edgy and called himself a sociopath. He is being influenced nagatively by them to an extent. For example he took art class and of late he has been painting mostly people dying or something of that type. He has been really weird and edgy of late and another friend of mine also noticed this. I want to help him, how can I do this.
Is shyness hereditary ? I am a very shy person and  could be termed as a " introvert".
I have seen that my maternal family have some people who are very shy even in oldage
I really want to get over it 
Any suggestions on how to be more confident 
I just feel so empty and lonely (21f) Idk if I belong anywhere but my social anxiety made me forget how to act out of fear of judgement and I've always been weird, everytime I try to socialize I'm so weird and people just don't take me seriously because I'm childish. I'm so damn lonely, I wish I had someone I could be myself around because I'm becoming awkward with people I can trust, I don't wanna be weird anymore, I wanna be normal and social and have a friend, it hurts
I think I have a unhealthy obsession and it’s messing me up mentally a lot Hi so me and my ex dated for roughly 8 months about 1 yr ago and I still can't get her out of my mind, If that's in a sfw or nsfw way, almost 24/7 she's on my mind and it worries me. I dream about her make up scenarios still, wishing she was with me almost all the time, idk if this is normal is a genuine obsession but I believe it's a obsession, is there anyway to fix this? 
How do I feel alive please help I don't feel like I'm living.
Am I okay?  I ask this seemingly stupid question as I don't know. I feel disconnected recently and alienated from my peers. I don't understand why I feel this lonely. Do I need to date someone? Is this all a seek for attention and I'm just a selfish POS who doesn't need help. Idk, any opinions on what I'm feeling are appreciated. 
Some times I wonder if it was love. I sometimes wonder if I loved my ex, like I really really loved her that's what it felt like but I wonder if it was love or was it something else that felt like it? Like what does love even feel like? 

It's been 2 years since we broke up and about 8 months since we broke contact (her doing) we still have friends in common enough that I hear about her but I don't  see or hear anything from her as she's blocked my on social media too, and I understand the reason for it too as she told me it's just out of respect for her future partners, I don't  hold it against her, since I don't think I was over her completely, nor do I think I am now.

But now I'm just so scared that if I see her again I just can't help myself fall for her all over again. I'm happy it's not like I'm depressed about it or the thought of her being with other people. I am sad though, I have this feeling that I've lost a little part of me in a sense of I genuinely saw a future between us. I just feel like I might not have been ambitious enough. 

I'm not blaming myself either I know it takes  2 to tango, I just wish you didn't see what you could have handled better or done differently after the fact. 

Was i obsessed ? Sure, I feel like some form of obsession should be there, did I get jealous some times ? Yea, but not so much to start an argument about it. I was never possessive tho I never told her she can't do anything only ever told her what I'm uncomfortable with her doing. 

Honestly our relationship was happy somewhat uneventful but not boring ? We had trips to places we gamed together collected cards, trinkets and consols together, we cosplayed and crafted together.

But yea like that's over now, I still ended up being her shoulder to cry on, "advice giver", on her next couple relationship, was i jealous sure? But I was happy to see her happy and angry when someone hurt her, she means alot to me, in the short time about 5 years total) that she was part of my life she made me really happy and when I think about her I only get fond  memories and some delusional what ifs. 

I would drop everything in a heart beat if anything were in my power to help her if she needed it. 

Like idk I'm literally just rambling but I just can't talk to anyone anymore because I feel like im bothering people since everyone now just tells me to build a bridge, I just feel a little overwhelmed sometimes idk. 

I've been on dates and stuff and even rejected someone once because I just didn't think it was fair on them if I didnt have thoughts and mental state in order from that relationship.

I'm just lost in feelings that I don't understand? I feel like I've hit such a high, felt so whole but now, how do I know it's love if it always just feels so empty ? I feel like I've been moulded and the only way to fix what's missing is to utterly destroy myself and change myself because I won't find someone that would accept me the way I was. 

I think ill just end it here,  thank you to anyone who took their time here, even tho it might just have been a bit of wasted time.
Do you ever feel the pleasure in your chest/stomach, but not as an overall mood? I came here because i don’t know where else to go at the moment. I’m currently on psychiatric medication and i’ve rarely felt pleasure in my gut before the meds, i normally feel just a tightness that’s burning as if something bad is happening 24/7. 
I’ve been on different types of medication for severe depression, borderline pd and adhd, and i sometimes get these feelings of pleasure in my stomach that never turn into an overall mood, it feels like they are just stuck in my gut. They are like a blue flame that never expand. But I still feel as depressed and anxious as always. 

So my questions is, has anyone ever experienced something like this? I will surely talk to a professional about it, but i want to know if there are other people that have similar feelings. 
Having concerns on how im gonna look on my marriage.. I'm 26, working on a ship with a demanding 6-on, 6-off schedule mostly, and my marriage is just 7 months away. I'm freaking out about my appearance. Standing at 178cm and weighing 62kg, I've always been skinny, but the physical demands of my job have taken a toll on my body.


Working on a ship comes with its perks, mainly the 3x higher salary compared to shore-based work and thats why i cant leave this job. However, it's also incredibly demanding, leaving me exhausted most of the time. I've tried to make adjustments to my routine, but it's hard to find the energy to work out or prioritize self-care.


Every time I look in the mirror, I feel embarrassed about my body. I worry that I'll look "unpresentable" on my wedding day, and it's taking a toll on my mental health. I've tried to shake off these feelings, but they linger.


To be honest, thinking about my body and wedding day has left me feeling mentally drained. I've been experiencing:


- Low self-esteem and confidence
- Anxiety about what others will think
- Insomnia due to racing thoughts
- Difficulty concentrating on work
- Feeling trapped in my own body
- Frustration and irritability
- Fear of not meeting societal expectations


My goal is to gain healthy weight and muscle, improve my overall physique, and boost my confidence but with this schedule and work i feel like i cant get it and its makes me feel low always. I don't know where to start.


That's why I'm turning to this community for help. I'd love to hear from anyone who's overcome similar body image concerns or has advice on:


- Workout routines that can fit into a busy schedule
- Nutrition tips to gain weight and muscle
- Mental strategies to cope with body image issues
- Self-care practices for managing stress and anxiety
- How to prioritize mental health alongside physical goals


I'd love to hear from people who've been in similar situations. What worked for you? What didn't?


I know I'm not alone in this struggle, and I'm hoping that by sharing my story, I can find support and guidance
I had a strange/ severe episode of confusion last night and I’m not sure what to do? For context im diagnosed with Generalised anxiety disorder (GAD) and I’ve been particularly stressed lately with university. I also haven’t been sleeping very well.

I call my partner every night before I sleep because it helps prevent me from having nightmares. This particular call though I was feeling a bit “out of it” or “off” mentally before and during it but I thought it was just stress so I didn’t try to think about it too much. During the call I started getting confused and I know I kept repeating that I didn’t know what was going on.

I didn’t feel well and my partner got worried but I couldn’t respond because I was hyperventilating and crying. It didn’t feel like he was real or like I was in the right place. Apparently I kept saying that I didn’t know where I was and that I wasn’t where I was meant to be. I remember feeling very out of it and confused and distressed. Nothing felt real and it felt like I had gone to another universe or like I was dreaming, or like my real life was dreaming and this state of confusion was me being “awake”. 

I wasn’t asleep during this because I sleep talk and this isn’t at all what my sleep talking is like. I can also remember most of it yet if I was asleep or sleep talking I’d remember nothing. 

I see a psychologist semi-regularly but I don’t know if this is something to address with her or not? Maybe it’s just something minor and I’ve just been overly stressed so it’s nothing to worry about. 

I just felt so confused and delirious for a good hour or so, and I felt really “off” before hand too. Some pointers for what to do would be great on what to do. 
Struggling with death of childhood abuser and the info that went with him, and how to tell husband I will try to keep this as succinct as possible. My mind feels scrambled right now, so I apologize in advance if anything comes out improperly or it ends up being crazy long anyway! 

TW: SA, incest, death, addiction 

My (36F) cousin (38M) died in his sleep unexpectedly a few days ago. Basically to keep it short and sweet- we were very close, he had a lot of issues including severe addiction to basically everything, especially alcohol. He died in his sleep of liver failure due to his addictions. He was a good soul. A genuine “hippie” type whose home was the world. He hitchhiked and traveled, often with groups of other hippie types and just worked labor and lived in communes and kept moving his whole life. This included a lot of drug use and his alcohol issues. We always kept in touch wherever he was. He loved everyone spiritually, mentally, and physically (he did not discriminate sexually and also dealt with an STD that contributed to his death) He was just a genuinely loving and free and spiritual human who I loved and related to in a lot of ways. We were always a duo growing up and best friends no matter how long we went without talking or seeing each other. Due to the shame my family had for him (I was always the only one who kept in touch and a relationship with him due to my family being very judgmental, conservative Christians), his mother just had him cremated immediately and there will be no memorial or funeral of any kind. He’s just GONE all of a sudden. Zero closure. 

He contacted me from rehab last year. He wanted to confess and apologize about something as part of his recovery (recovery that ended up not lasting). He started telling me, in detail, about the different ways/times/places he used to molest me growing up. Some memories came crashing back. Some didn’t. I stopped him. I didn’t want to hear any more. He didn’t tell me much. I needed time to process this. I have had mental health issues for what seems like my whole life. Especially relating to sex and men. I always suspected I was abused and my mother even confessed years ago she suspected I was, while at that side (my father’s) of the family’s house, but she actually suspected my uncle(by marriage)/cousin’s father. 

Now he is suddenly gone and I’m having an impossible time accepting that I will never know what all happened to me. It’s been a long hard road identifying and becoming self aware of my issues through therapy and I even got a bachelors and masters degree in psychology and clinical mental health and became a therapist myself.. all mainly to figure out my own shit lol. Now I’ll never know exactly.  

I just had probably one of the worst panic attacks of my life tonight. My husband was saying we needed to go to the ER, bc he thought I was having a heart attack. I haven’t told him any of this. I don’t know how. I don’t know if I should? I just need advice about basically any of this lol. I’m kinda floundering at the moment!! I can barely sleep or function.. My husband is very supportive usually. So it’s not that. It’s the nature and content of what I’d be telling him. I’m scared a bit and kinda ashamed/embarrassed… 
How to get over S.A Hi there ! I wrote a post a few months ago about my sexual assault story. I ended up leaving my toxic ex. The issue that I’m going through now that I’m single and out in the dating world, is that I sometimes get triggered and go back into that state of mind that I was in during the SA. It’s like I teleported back into those situations with my ex. I don’t know how to get past this. Any advice would be greatly appreciated

TLDR; I got sexually assaulted by my ex multiple times and now that I’m single, I’m having issues getting back into being sexual with people that I like. It’s frustrating because I want to do it but then I get flashbacks of the SA and it ruins my mood 
Everytime I try sleep I hear people I know talking to me and I can interact with them like as if they were right next to me the voices are loud clear and match the person it's coming from I don't think it's schizophrenia or auditory hallucinations Im just curious if anyone else hears these ? Sometimes the talking is hard to understand like as if they were talking in the room next to me but most of the time it's very clear words that I hear from them but the words are weird sentences like for example one voice was a family member telling me they are worried or that they need help with a mundane task.
How do I bring up the conversation of mental health to my parents? My family is decently supportive of mental health, that’s not my problem. The problem I seem to be having is the inability to bring it up. 

I’ve never gone to the doctors for mental health, and have never been diagnosed. My family is the kind that only goes into the doctors to get the vaccine shots we need to stay enrolled in school.

I’m considered the unproblematic kid, the strong kid. However, through talks with school counselors over the years it’s likely I have depression, anxiety and other potential problems. I don’t talk about it with my parents, and I’ve been pretty good at hiding it over the years. I know bringing up the topic of my mental health is going to mess that all up, and I’m still not sure if I’m ready for that change. I know I’m going to go from ‘in the shadows’ to spotlighted.

Then the problem of medication arises. Even though I haven’t been professionally diagnosed yet, I think I could severely benefit from medication, but I don’t think my parents will allow it. My brother had gone in to be diagnosed at one point and they said even if he WAS diagnosed they didn’t like the idea of meds.

I think I could talk to my grandma about some of it and get her to help talk to my parents. Even then, I’m still not even sure where to start there.

Advice?
Can't talk properly about how I feel. Feels like I'm lying sometimes  I have general anxiety and once it's triggered it often takes time to calm down again. So if there's many triggers I'm feeling bad for weeks. I tell my partner how I feel but he tends to say nothing or think I'll feel better then next day. And when I snap through overwhelm he will snap back. We have a toddler and he works all day 7-7 pretty much and sometimes I'm so tired and overwhelmed. Hyper vigilance doesn't help how I feel. 
And lately after a bout of anxiety I have felt so low. I guess I haven't really told him properly how I feel for him to ignore it. But we've had a huge argument and I am struggling to talk to him
Sorry I keep getting interrupted writing this and lose my train of thought. 

I feel like I want to tell him how I feel but that somehow I can't. I don't know why. But part of me feels like I can't tell him how bad I feel and I feel like I'm lying. Like I don't believe myself that I'm feeling that bad because it could pass tomorrow. It's stupid. How do you talk about this stuff so you'll be believed? 
I cant take it enymore i just want to dissapear and never deal with enyone enymore i dont know if ill make it I m constantly missing school today i was just about to go to school i was so proud until my dad sent my grandpa to make sure i was going to school he yelled at me and called me a loser for not going to school after he left i couldnt hold it in enymore thord time this week having a emotional breakdown i m anxious 24/7 i cant enjoy eeven art enymore i want to male myself bleed so bad i wanna rip out the skin from my hangnails until i bleed ill be late ro school again and its my dad and grandpa to blame this is why i favor my mom eeven tough shes negkactful atleast she doesent send others to come mock me for being a failure. He told me i m not sick byt ehat if i am? What if i am mentally sick i hate adhd so much it ruined my life i m sick of dealing with my family amd school nobody gets me they all just get mad bc i cant do things and if i blame adhd well to them its just a excuse i cant take lufe enymore my biggest fear was that i might end up this way and i did. I wont kms but the tought is creeping behind me. I think i m gonna pack up and leave i m not running away firever i just want to leave this god awful home somewhere where nobody can find me and tell me how pathethic i am and how my future will get ruined bc of how i skip school. I want to cut do bad but i cant so i pick the side of my nails till i bleed i was so proud i was gokng to school well now i wont and its all thanks to my dad. I m not ok i m fucked up in the head and i will always be my fingers hurt already and i m not eeven bleeding yet please help ive lost hope i let go of the last string i m done holding onto it
Chronic long-term depression makes keeping a job impossible I've been let go from 2 jobs over the past few years due to this awful cycle of calling in sick when my depression symptoms make it feel impossible to get out of bed. I feel so guilty in so many ways. My husband has had to take on our household financial stability all by himself. I had short bouts of unemployment after each job termination, and the reluctance to return to work has been overwhelming each time. Now more than ever. I'm just so burnt out. I don't know what else to call it. I take antidepressants. I live in a very rural area so job selection is incredibly sparse anyway. I have searched every job board for remote jobs/WFH but everything posted is just a scam it seems. I'm trying to go back to school online to get a degree that helps me obtain a job that I (hopefully) won't wake up every day dreading having to do and with an ideal schedule, but even that feels impossible most days. I feel so pathetic. I'm currently unemployed, hating myself for that, feeling useless, wishing I could just break out of this vicious depressive cycle. What do I do?
Weird / dark thoughts when sick / ill Curious if this happens to anyone else 

During a bad cold I have dark and twisted thoughts. All my darkest ideas and emotions rush out in full force. It feels like I'm trapped inside of them and there are moments I feel I could lose my mind from the sudden burst of depression.

I always notice this when sick. I always know it will go away. 

It's like a waking nightmare.
Help my gore/snuff addiction has gotten worse (second post) Basically I've posted on here before but I'm a 14 year old girl and ive seen alot of gore on the internet and one of the forums I've been on tagged me in a post that has links to REAL LIFE snuff like serial killer type shit and I watched like all fucking 3 hours of one and I tried to stop I couldn't I couldn't stop watching, please help idk what to do I feel like a monster I litreally cant get enough I feel like I need more all the time. I'm a mess I want to know what's going on in my brain, I've been clean from watching it for awhile until i got tagged in a post. People are also rude on that site someone told me 'kill yourself attention whore". But yeah please help I need advice, thank you :)
Every morning for years, the first thought I have in my head when waking up is shooting myself with a gun or dying but as the day goes by, those thoughts go away and I feel better throughout the day..? I am a 24 year old male , one thing I do know is I don’t plan on doing it.. or who knows I am an Uber eats driver and gamble a lot, I am a “recovering “ alcoholic , i cut down on drinking but still do when I can, also used drugs in the past which I have changed now , I am depressed living with parents and anxious all day.. I am also very stubborn and know for a fact that no matter how hard I try to change my life, im so used to failure that I ask myself, why even try if I know I’m going to fail…
North Star Hi all. I just wanted to share a link to my new book, North Star; A Shining Light That Saved A Life. 

It’s all about my struggle with depression and how I found my guiding light in my darkest moments. 

Would love feedback from anyone and a massive thank you to anyone who purchases. 

Link to the book is here - https://amzn.eu/d/3cExu5F
Tired. So tired. A message;
A text;
A voice;
A sound;

I kiss the signs in the woods;
As I drive 45 under 30;

When I walk, it's alone;
Because I walk with a friend I can't see;

I turn North;
Off road;
With no clear path;
And walk that way;

It's what I know;
Only intention;
No outcome;


I failed my task;
With a friend I once knew;
In a time we were supposed to grow;

A message;
A text;
A voice;
A sound;

I kiss the signs I never saw;
A truth never told;
A history I'll never know;
I never knew my friend;

I turn North;
It's what I know;





I never knew. I wish I did. I could have done better. We could have been happy. 

How do I let go of a wife I failed? How do I accept her leaving?

Depressed when I do nothing Hello,

I'm feeling depressed when I do nothing. I can stay in my bed all day long and crying if I dont move or see someone. And when I feel this I have big difficulties to do something. Which is quite paradoxal.

I don't understand why because I'm not depressed at all. I have a good life. I love doing activities and going at work. 

I have the impression that when I do nothing, my brain starts to overthinking a lot. But really too much.

Anybody in this case ?
Sorry for my bad english
I wanna self delete. THIS FEELING OF “I WANNA KMS” HAVE BEEN ON SINCE THE FIRST MONTH OF OCTOBER. I TOLD MY FRIEND BUT THEY THINK I’M JOKING BCS I JOKE ABT MY MENTAL HEALTH ALOT TO COPE BUT RN I AM FOR REAL. 

God knows that i’m too scared to kms so he put me in this shitty family and shitty place. I wanna be a nepo baby in my next life. 
losing hope in getting better  hey there, 
hope everyone is doing well…
I suffer from schizophrenia, I tried going to different psychiatrists and therapists but at the end all of them had to ask me to look for another psychiatrist to help because they couldn’t , I just came back from my appointment and cried to the psychiatrist not to lose hope in me.. but knowing the fact that she was going to hurts I really don’t want to think like I’m not going to get better… 
Did you ever felt to kill somebody? Or wished somebody bad happened to them .  So recently nowadays I am having crazy thoughts about killing somebody what should I do how many of you felt like this   even before this long time I would feel kill somebody anybody who has wronged me or bullied me I know it's wrong sometimes I wish something bad happens their life gets ruined is it okay as long don't act on it what should I do   recently I broke a  mirror with my hands In  anger I punched it I kinda hurt myself.  Is something wrong with me 
Why was i their only target?  About 8 years ago, i had 3 classmates (who were friends with each other) and pretended to be my friends too. Whoever sat behind me, they used to whisper to them to annoy me or if they were away, they used to convey it to them using hand signs. 
Once i confronted one of them and asked him why he was doing this. He said he isn't doing anything. i even threatened him that i will involve my parents in this. However, they still continued to do so. No one actually did anything to me. But it was distracting. I wasn't able to focus on what teacher was teaching.

When i moved to a different place to study after 2 years, even then they called me two times(they did not say who they were. But i came to know eventually).

Why did they want others to annoy me? 
The Feeling of beign watched  Every now and then i get the feeling of beign watched, I am a very lonely person, been insecured for as long as i can remember about my body, my manners, my sexuality, my behaviour.,,, about everything that I am. 

Now, the feeling of beign watched is not a 24/7 feeling, rather it occurs every time i consider i've made the tinniest and most insignificant mistake, be it me taking a wrong turn while driving, hitting my shoulder with a wall while walking, having trouble pronouncing a word while talking,, etc.

 When ever this happens i get the feeling that I'm in a show, you know, the kind of show where they put fake laughters when something stupid happens or is said. There are times i even turn arround as if to see the camera that's filming my every move, sometimes I laugh it off, and sometimes i get anxious thinking somebody I might know saw what happen and will later bring it up to make me look stupid in front of other people. 
I
 am completely aware that there is no one watching me and that s is all in my head, though I've never talked to anyone about it and have never seeked help either. I know this is not normal, I know i should seek help and I know if anything it wont get better.. I just wanted to lay my POV because it's a way for me to it out there, thanks for the attention to anyone that might have read this.
15+ years isolated as an agoraphobic hermit, but for the past couple months I've been going to the gym. I'm still completely alone with nothing (no friends, no relationship, no job), and I have no future whatsoever to speak of, and it's extremely unlikely that'll ever change for the better. I slammed into my own personal brick wall 15+ fucking years ago at terminal velocity, and while the gym can certainly have its benefits, it can't resurrect the dead. 

With that little introduction out of the way, I'm currently going to the gym 3 times a week now. I'm also working with a personal trainer who himself considers me the best client he's ever had, mainly because I'm so proficient at presenting myself in a positive light, and otherwise masking the inner agony I struggle with on a daily basis. Additionally, my personal trainer showers me with encouragement/support whenever we work together, and I always thank/acknowledge him for it in the moment, but unbeknownst to him, his words fall like sparse raindrops onto a rusted out barrel engulfed in napalm. That about sums up the sheer level of self-loathing I'm grappling with here. 

To keep this semi-positive though, I suppose I should also mention that I ended up working out at the gym for 3 hours straight yesterday. I had my initial hour with my personal trainer as usual, but then I trained an additional 2 hours once my brother showed up, as the two of us proceeded to work out together. Needless to say, but I'm pretty amazed I had enough energy for all that. I probably ended up burning somewhere between 1000-1200 calories, which is pretty crazy. When I first started, I couldn't even go 20-30 minutes without becoming so lightheaded that I felt like I was going to faint. 

All in all, I continue to make decent progress. Both my mom and my brother were shocked when I flexed in front of them for the first time, given the muscle development in my arms/biceps. Right now I'm hovering around 170 pounds, and at 5' 11", that still makes for a decent BMI.

Next to the physical benefits, it also forces me to interact with others and to be exposed to semi-crowded public spaces. 

Even so, I've made all these victories which, I'll admit, are **HUGE**, and yet still, they feel like nothing to me. Futile gestures that leave me just as alone and bereft of genuine hope as ever. I mean, at the end of my sessions, I've got nothing to go back to. Going home simply means re-entering this pitch black underworld which erodes my mental health like so much tattered cloth tossed into a container of sulphuric acid. As it is, it's almost like I need a personal trainer for life. In other words, I really need a good IRL friend. Someone that I could hang out with, and be allowed to feel all the safety/authenticity that comes with knowing the sort of person who likes you for you, and who isn't going to be weirded out or scared away by whatever it is you're struggling with. I've never met anyone like that IRL, and I really, really need to. I've needed to for years and years and years. I'm sure most would agree that I've got to start living my own life somehow, instead of drowning in the proverbial quicksand of this excruciating isolation on a nightly basis. 

Welp, hopefully something will finally shift into place at some point, and I won't have to keep waking up each day intensely hating every moment of my existence, as I continue to remain completely bankrupt of the faintest residue of self-acceptance and self-esteem.
What to do when their is little sympathy at home 

Hi,

Me (M29) and my gf (F26) been living together for quite sometime. 
She constantly talks about the importance of mental health and as far as I know supports her friends who are struggling with this *issue*.

During our relationship she told me multiple times to open up more about my issues since I kept most things to myself.

Since sometime I tried to open up about multiple issues and they all ended in her starting an argument with me.

The first occasion was when we were at a shopping mall and grown men started yelling racial slurs towards me. I kept my composure during the altercation but once back in the car I broke down. My gf response was that I should suck it up and not let these men get into my head. While I was crying she never offered me and kind of comfort.

The other occasion happend yesterday, because of some physical issue I lost my confidence in the bedroom. 
I felt I had to open up about this issue. My gf response was to start an argument with me because according to her this can’t be an issue since we have plenty of sexual interaction with each other and to add more insult to the situation she told me “now it’s this issue, in a couple of months it’s another issue” , mind I would consider myself a mentally stable person.

At this point I don’t feel like opening up towards her all again, but keeping it towards myself won’t help either I’m afraid.
I considered seeing a professional but 200 dollar an hour is a bit steep just to talk to someone. I also don’t want to bother my friends with every issue.
Do others have some advice on what to do?
What’s wrong with me?  Last week I felt completely fine and I was happy. But then on Sunday night I just shut everyone out and now I feel like I’m not getting back to that good spot? Does anyone know why my mood might fluctuate so quickly? 

FYI, I will be mentioning this quick mood change to my therapist. 
I am always comparing myself to other students and I am dissatisfied with my choice of degree. I cant leave because of guilt and it has been ruining my mental health for years. Right now I am in my third year of university still taking second year courses as I failed two classes that set me back. Some kids in my program have two internships under their belt meanwhile I dont have anything. The program that I am taking in university is not something i am interested in but i am already three years too deep to drop out or switch and i dont want to waste my parents money. And its so hard to look for internships because they want kids that have a genuine interest in the field and i just dont. Its so hard to pretend to be interested in an internship opportunity in a field you arent passionate about and going to all of these networking events to listen to people talk about the industry your not interested in is just so mentally draining and i feel like im wasting my life away. i have held like two executive positions for clubs in my university for the sake of putting something on LinkedIn and i end up quitting because of lack of interest. And At this point I just want to get a stupid internship just so i can stop stressing out about it and get a job as soon as i graduate because its making it so hard to enjoy university and really fucks with my mental health. I am about to apply to like 3 internships and i feel so overwhelmed because they all want transcripts/letters of intent and all of that stuff and i dont have the best grades and if i were to give them a letter of intent for an internship it will probably be ai generated because i dont have an actual intention/interest on applying except for just getting a job not because of the field. How can i stop feeling like this? I have been feeling like this for like two years and i am so tired of beating myself up. I am also super annoyed with myself because I wish i could just become interested in my degree but its not happening. The things that i am interested in are all art related and i wish i had a genuine interest in things that could make me money like the degree that im taking but i dont. I apologize for venting i am just really overwhelmed.
i failed a test for the first time in my life. how do i cope with this?(in 12th) I am assuming I'm allowed to disclose the nature of my condition: psychotic depression. I have been receiving treatment for 2 years now, and a few days ago I was very happy that my antipsychotics were lowered. I have persistent feelings that the medication is making me stupider. and yesterday I got my maths paper graded and given back to me. it was the half-yearly exam or midterms or whatever you call it. i got 22/80 and I failed the passing mark is 26, and I have been really depressed because of this. 

  
I am looking for advice from someone with similar experiences. I don't know what or who I am anymore. i feel like a husk or a shell of someone I used to be. hollow, empty, and so numb; numb like an old sore, when I do feel something it's just pain. what bothers me most is that I was working hard, and it was all for nothing. what was the point of 'just do your best', when your best isn't even close to good.

  
i feel drained of any joy, purpose only a void that fills me. sometimes I feel like no one even understands how I feel. the thing is that they either think I'm some idiot or that I'm not trying at all. it's neither. It's a duality of don't want and can't, and my brain hurts. I'm 18 now, I shouldn't be so clueless about life and I should certainly not be failing classes, real life is so much worse and I don't want to this person.

i need someone to tell me what I should do or change about my life and get through this mess
I just want to share my experience I don't really have many friends in high school because my classmates they always make me feel awful, they take my confidence away. Now in college, I met so many people because they talk to me even though I'm just in the corner of the room. They help me on my studies, encourage me to join and participate in many activities that can build my confidence.

I just want to tell you that you have to choose the people who enters on your life. (Surround yourself with positive people and believe in your self.
Keep self-sabotaging my studies with extreme procrastination, now I'm scared I'll be forced to quit university. What do I do? I have an issue with procrastination and starting stuff. A really, really big issue. I don't /do/ anything which I'm meant to do. I'm a student of social work, I didn't initially choose it because I wanted to, but because my parents thought it would be a good thing to study. I agreed with them, but internally I was scared that I would hurt people more than help them in this field of work. Still am, but I'm finding the content compelling and interesting. 

Thing is, I find that it's a lot of reading. A looot. A lot that requires being up to date with the weekly content, which I'm horrible at. I can't retain information for shit, my attention's always on something else and I daydream so much that my attention span is even worse than a goldfish. I take one look at the content I need to read and I squirrel away even though it's fairly straightforward. Predictably, it's a big hit onto my ability to write quality assessments, and by the time due dates roll around I have either done virtually nothing or a half-assed incomplete assessment. I've already failed two of my courses this semester. I'm about to fail another one because I've become paralyzed by my own inaction that I can't work out what to do or how to do it.

During my previous semester, I failed one course which my parents got extremely upset at. My father said that if I fail any courses this semester he's going to force me to withdraw from university. I don't doubt him for a second. I don't think I could blame him either. But I want to keep studying. I just can't seem to study. Even though I want to. Fuck. What do I do? I'm struggling not to break down in the middle of the library right now. I lied right to his face about submitting my essays. I have a history of lying for literally no reason too and I think it's caught up to me for real this time.
i suspect i may need therapy - and my reason for needing it feels idiotic as a preteen into my early teen years, i had awful mental health complications. i won’t go in depth, but i was a danger to myself. this was because i was a closeted transgender male, and the lack of support around me was making me come off my hinges.

to cope, i clung onto male fictional characters whom i could see myself in. it was my way of stepping out of my body and into someone else’s. 

i’ve weathered the storm, and i’m in a much better place now. i have a support system. i’ve transitioned. i feel much better about myself and my body. i’m the furthest thing from a danger to myself. i love my life now. 

but my coping mechanism has remained. it’s my nature now. i can’t help it.

the line between fiction and reality began getting blurred for me when i was around thirteen years old, on the heels of being sent to conversion therapy. i started to entertain the idea that i *was* the fictional character i’d latched onto. it didn’t last longer than a two months, but it was crazy while it was going on. i guess you could call it a delusion.

when i was sixteen, though, it happened again — and it hasn’t gone away since. i latched onto a piece of media so hard that i feel like it’s ruining my life. i latched onto two characters this time—a pair that the other half of the other’s soul—and now, i constantly assess my behaviors to determine which of those characters i’m being in a given moment. my moral compass is shaped around the more righteous character; i routinely act like him when i find myself in moral dilemmas, the same way the religious might ask themselves, “what would jesus do?”

when i meet others, i see them through the lens of the story in question. i assign certain characters to them to sort them in my mind.

sometimes, i get tears in my eyes at random times of the day when i reflect on the tragic nature of the story. right now, it’s midnight, and i just have an empty pit in my stomach thinking about the deaths of those characters. *i’m literally wearing a costume piece for one of the characters as i sit here writing this,* because it’s all that can comfort me when i get like this.

i constantly have to remind myself that these characters never existed. but, even though i know logically that they never existed, i’m now modeling my life after them. i’ve long since entertained the idea of moving to the country the story is set in and studying the subjects the characters studied in university.

this has been going on for over two years now.

it feels absolutely asinine to seek help for this, because i’m very functional, and i’m not a danger to myself at all. my mental health is fine—not at all like it was when i was younger. i tell myself it’s harmless, but on nights like these, i start to get sick of being unable to sleep because i’m tormented by the tragedy of people who never existed.
I feel empty I just am. I don’t know what I want out of life or what to do with my life. I don’t even know if I’m happy as a man. I really just feel like I’ve completely failed with this life.

Wish I could just end it, drift off and start a new life because this one is just a total waste. I just wish I could start over. I don’t know where my life went wrong but I’m over it honestly. 
My girlfriend is saying really concerning things and I don’t know how to help her.  Hello all. Slight trigger warning for mentions of s*icidal thoughts, but I won’t be going into much detail. 

To make a long story short, my girlfriend has struggled with depression for a long time. She has a lot of trauma in her past that she won’t talk about, and at one point, I know she had made a plan to end her life, though this was a long time ago. She has since gotten a semicolon tattoo, and I can only hope that means there is no more intent. However, she’s been saying things lately that are really concerning. She has lost her positive spark entirely, and has said things like “I’ve lost the will to live” or “no I’m not okay but it’s whatever”, or will say self-degrading things out of nowhere. I barely hear from her anymore, and with her having a packed school schedule I haven’t seen her in months. I’m really scared. I’m afraid her depression is getting worse, and I don’t know how to help her. What do I do? I’m really starting to get scared and I just wish I could take all of her pain away. 

Any support or suggestions you can give would be so appreciated. I am so lost and so afraid and I just want her to be okay. 
Haven’t eaten in over 48 hours. I feel like a shell of a human being. The thoughts to end it are so loud.  I don’t want to eat, I don’t want to do anything other than sleep. 
Feeling so emotionally numb  To start off, if anyone is reading this I am really sorry. This might be really draining. To be honest, reading posts like these drains me too and I find them really repetitive sometimes.

However, ever since I started uni (engineering), I have been so mentally awful. I can’t even explain it. I take things more seriously than most people, and I tend to overthink. That combination is a killer paired with my habit of constant comparison. Most people I know are “go with the flow” or “we’ll see when it happens”. I am the opposite. I obsess over my future, worry constantly and have a habit of repeating things I do wrong over and over again until I’m tired or it goes right 

I have been feeling really lonely and numb. Most of the people I know have had really good experiences here with others (found friends, etc), but a few of my interactions that have went bad really left a lasting impression on me. I understand that people will be rude, and I have got to stop being so sensitive. It is so hard for me to do that unless I completely detach myself from my emotions.

I don’t know why but I feel so lonely, emotionally numb some days or aggressive mood swings other days, frustrated, burntout from constant studying, and my existence just makes me mad.

I really wanted to join clubs and put myself out there this first semester , but have no time at all due to my course load that I cannot manage. 

In general, if it were not for uni, I am a really happy, friendly , and kind person. I honestly feel like engineering  is trying to change me from who I am to someone more technical and less people focused and more problem focused. I don’t like that. I can’t think of a way to be myself and be here.
Crooked face and anxiety  Anyone has crooked face towards right with anxiety and whole right sided muscle tightness? The older i get the worse its getting 
Everything everyone tells me is wrong I cant do this
How do I tell my mom that I’m depressed without her judgement? I’m a student in high school, currently struggling to keep good and acceptable grades. I’m slowly starting to give up and my depression is spiraling into something terrible. I can’t stop thinking about hurting myself, and I’m so tired. I just wanna tell my mom these things, but I feel like she won’t understand. She’s always held the belief that children “have it easy” and that you can only have a hard life if you’re an adult. I know that if I tell her, there’s a chance I’ll be judged and not taken seriously. But I also know that if I don’t tell her, I might regret it. I just want her to know.
My mind is so heavy I'm so tired that the mere thought or idea of being productive or getting help weighs me down even more than before. When I have time to spare I can't even imagine moving forward. I find myself lost in something else mindless other than seeking what I need. I wish it was that easy for me to be better.

It doesn't feel that easy. I struggle daily with motivation to be kinder to myself. Knowing I don't deserve this treatment I give myself. Maybe it's fear of letting go of the control or the control I think I have.  Maybe, it's not knowing if I could be helped or fixed.  Having to act so strong for all the world to see is just too much sometimes yet here I am, still going strong, smiling as if I don't have a care in the world. 

It sucks being aware of my broken mind and all the other wrong parts of me. I simply don't want to exist anymore.  I just want to sleep with no more pain forever.

I don't know where I was going with this honestly. I don't have anyone to listen really without people trying to "Understand where I'm coming from then going on about their feelings"  I get that's a way people show semblance but I just need an ear so here I am.
Why me god why You know its fucked when you're so hyper aware that most of the time you're practically doomed and the only time you get peace is when your brain literally makes you forget about it for a few seconds just to try give you some clarity
My bf 28M may have depression but doesn't want to seek more help. I don't know what to do or how to help.  I (28F) have been with my dear bf  John (28M) for 5 years. I'm sorry this post is long. I really do appreciate whoever takes the time. John worked as an apprentice mechanic and in the beginning of the year had voiced dissatisfaction about his job & didn't know what to do. He broke down crying. I try to reassure him everything will be okay & he can take a break. John stopped working. I work part time in a retail store & going back to school soon. We live with his parent's home so rent isn't an issue. For our 5 year anniversary, I got him a gold bracelet (he mentioned wanting) & tickets to an amusement park. John loved the bracelet but told me he didn't want to do anything. He said he would still go but let me know how he felt. He didn't get me anything which is ok. I just wanted to do something fun together. 2 weeks later was his birthday. He never wants to celebrate but this year he had breakdowns. When we woke up & when he saw his cake and gifts. I held him each time. He felt better and celebrated his special day. He never told me what was wrong.

John went to see his doctor after some convincing. Told his doctor that he's been having "negative thoughts" & was prescribed antidepressants. I didn't push him to explain the "negative thoughts" as I had an idea of what it was. I didn't know he was hurting so much. In the car, we had a heart to heart. He told me it has nothing to do with me, that he loves me very much, and he's sorry to put me through this. I tell him I'm here for him always we will get through this. John said he would figure out his job situation and when I mentioned therapy, he said he thinks it wouldn't help and he couldn't afford it anyways. I told him that isn't a valid reason but didn't want to push him. We left it at that.

2 months past. He hangs out with his friends, smoking weed, plays video games until 3am & wakes up at 1pm-2pm. I'm not happy with the late gaming as I'm a light sleeper. He forgets chores but makes up for it. The last time we argued I asked him what he wanted to do moving forward. He said he would apply at his father's workplace but needed to update his resume. 2 weeks have passed, I asked him for an update and if he needed any help. John got upset telling me he didn't want to talk to me about this and will do it on his own. I vented to him that I was struggling financially. Hours were cut at work. I also got a part time seasonal job that hasn't started yet. I know he knows I'm struggling and didn't want to put me in this situation. I think it overwhelmed him. John said he needed to leave but will be back whenever. I was worried but I had his location. I felt so sorry. I don't know what to do. John came back a couple hours later before midnight. He came towards me and wrapped his arms around me. He apologized and said he will agree to therapy. I don't know if he started or not. I didn't ask. His mood seems to be better. I do notice he seems down some days but he gets on his feet. Making me smile and has been nicer to me like his old self. I wish he spoke to a professional. 

I don't know what to do if he doesn't start therapy or want to seek help for his mental health. Does anyone have any advice or comments on this? I'd love to hear what anyone has to say.
How do you deal with letting go from the pressure to conform? Hello all. I’m a 21-year-old college junior, and I’m feeling a lot of pressure to conform. This has to be the worst pressure to conform I’ve had since high school. In the last year or so, I’ve been doing a lot to improve myself. Just finished a summer co-op at Cedar Point (major amusement park in Ohio (I hope people 5 years younger than me don’t make fun of Ohio)). It was a great experience. Not only did I gain a lot of confidence, but also saw that people are mostly good. I also started hitting the gym and cut down on unhealthy foods. Being able to lift the most I have and run the most miles I have ever been able to was another confidence booster. However, despite all the effort I’ve put into myself and all the confidence I’ve gained, I started feeling a pressure to conform. I think being so busy this summer distracted me from serious issues. I think it’s when I return home to the Chicago area that I feel this pressure. I always feel like despite my growing confidence elsewhere, like Ohio or the Carolinas, I always feel uneasy in the preppier suburbs of Chicago. I feel like it goes beyond feeling good about yourself there. It isn’t about how you treat people, how confident you are, or what you accomplished, but rather which club VIP host you know in the city and the car you drive more than the person you are. Despite saying all these negative things about it, I have a lot of great memories in these places back home. I’m trying to realize that it isn’t me or even the fact I’m maturing, it’s the fact that these places have seen a significant decline in literally everything, from friendliness to reliability. I realize I need to move on, and I’m lucky that I have an entire future ahead of me, but I’m having a hard time accepting this reality and letting go. Does anyone have any advice or have been through something similar to this?
This is so fucked I can't do this It's so fucked that I'm so hyper aware that my brain forces itself to forget the knowledge just to give me a moments peace. And people think that's it going away and proving that it isn't a big deal. I'm in pain, I'm in pain and I know what's happening and people are trying to feed me misinformation all around me
how to accept ill never be comforted in my life? im 16 and i get really sad about the fact ill never have anyone to comfort me when im sad. i dont even deserve it in the first place (ive done some genuinely awful things that could probably make me go to jail, like harming others/animals)   
also please dont use my age as an excuse or try to defend me or whatever or be like "itll get better" no it wont and i dont deserve it anyway if i get it ill force it away. how do i accept it. i cant love myself either because im genuinely one of the most disgusting people ever (long list of reasons, including the things from earlier, and also things i cant control like disabilities ) if i was a separate person id punch myself. maybe more  
justplease help me  accept this
Mindset and body on cruise control? Fake it till you make it? I just would like to explain some strange symptoms I am noticing and really taking a toll on me. 

I just started a new job and I love going to work. But I get to work and smile ONLY because it’s the right thing to do. 

I’m scared to ask questions or ask to use the restroom because I’m bothering people and hate asking others for things. 

I work with toddlers so I try to keep my energy high and it’s like I do but it’s as if I’m faking it? And it takes so much energy for me to do so. On the playground or in the classroom I try to play with them and want to but my energy and mood is just not it SOME DAYS and MOST DAYS.

When I wake up in the morning for work my body feels so heavy so so heavy and drained but I got a good 8 hrs of sleep?

I go to sleep at 10pm latest and wake up always between 3am/4am, back to sleep and wake up for work at 6am. 

Long story short it’s like I’m on autopilot and I’m making it. Like I’m pulling my mindset and body out of the depression state I was in. 

My mindset is content and happy but my body and face and everything is mellow…or like “blah” or “ok”. And I fake smile or fake ok till I’m by myself where I can be me? Without anyone asking am I ok. 

I overthink and talk to myself in my head so I really am my biggest and truest friend 😭 sometimes it’s like I got a good angel and bad angel on my shoulders. And I save my “bad angel” for when I’m alone just straight face a clear room with my thoughts and my “good angel” ole bubbly me! 

I really think I need counseling or someone to talk to. I did start journaling and I feel so desperate when I’m away from it. So I’m in love with it. 

But It just feels good to talk out and see if anyone 
Can relate or anything or if not. It just feels good to explain myself. Thanks. 
How do you make being alive suck less? I'll start: I personally try to surround myself with people that make me feel seen. I'm trans and so it's easy for me to feel alienated and isolated from others because I'm seen as different. Plus, since I'm still closeted in certain parts of my life, having friends who affirm that my existence isn't a flaw and that I'm not hard to love really helps. 

What about you? What do you do to make life suck less?
Everyone around me is starting to piss me off We spent most of our life trying to please and cooperate with other people. Just like we're taught in school. Just like our parents always told us to "get along". But I'm starting to get sick of it. Why does everyone seem to be disrespectful these days? What happened to good moral and ethics? Some people can't even ask or criticize nicely. It always has to come off as harsh. Then they f'n annoy yeah later with fake niceness. Is this some sort of wannabe alpha male tactic? They don't know what we're capable of. But we must suppress our negative feelings so that we don't get put away. Some guys are just a complete waste of time. They want me to be friendly and to make sure I get along with everyone, but why do I have to? Why can't I just clock in and clock out? I'm here to get shit done. Why isn't that good enough? Why isn't anything I do good enough for anyone? People see me as a f'n burden, but what they don't see is the good I do for them. 

How much longer before I lose my mind? How can I stay sane during these times? 

This mental disorder of me causes me to not know how to behave. Do I be nice or do I tell them off? Do I suppress my fight response? Do I always act on my people pleaser? Or do I just keep my mouth shut? 

Only time will tell when I may figure this out.

To be continued...
Feeling like I’m fighting for myself in every aspect of my life/ sense of loneliness? I wouldn’t describe this as loneliness because I don’t feel alone in terms of friends or family. But I feel alone as in everything I go through or I’m engaging in, I have to figure it out all by myself with no one to look up to, be mentored, or have a thorough conversation. 

For context so you know a little about me, I’m 19 year old male living with my mom at the moment. I work at a pizza store as a shift lead/manager with ambitions of course. So even as a manager here I still have issues with coworkers who are unreasonable and make it stressful to work with them. Like not doing their work as told or taking unnecessary breaks, etc. Even then I cannot get much change or help from upper management or other coworkers, so I feel like I’m alone to fight this issue, despite nothing changing.

With family, I feel like I have a bias against me. I would say I behave much better and haven’t made as big mistakes as my mom/uncle did. Such as messing with the wrong people, drugs, getting in trouble, etc. (don’t wanna get too personal about their issues) 
For example a few weeks ago I had received a pretty hefty speeding ticket and an illegal u-turn ticket. My family was obviously disappointed, and was threatened to repossess my car (under my mom’s name) and be kicked out the house. And then was compared my troubles with my uncle, which is unfathomable that I can be compared to what troubles he caused when he was my age. And then my grandparents sided with my mom for threatening such things. So I felt like I was fighting for myself despite understanding the situation I was in.

And then my career ambitions. I’ll say it’s related to real estate. I’ve tried to make countless connections and friends but unfortunately never came out to much success. Even created a community with about 100 members, that fell out in a month. The one thing that I felt would work eventually fell out pretty badly.

Throughout my life while trying to make friends and date girls, they always just didn’t work out. I will say during my Covid times I was definitely a weirdo lol and many people didn’t work out. But I feel like I’m just made to be alone. But I don’t want to be, not this extreme.

Am I crazy or is this just a really bad loop I will be stuck in??
How can one cope with war? I woke up today to the news of the passing of my university professor, his wife and three daughters… he was such a great man, everyone there loves him. I live in a city that’s threatened by war, we’ve been having strikes that cause a lot of casualties for a couple of years. But now it’s more frequent during a week… yeah a week. 

I find myself constantly wondering when will I or a loved one be next. It’s nerve wracking. I had high expectations for this semester and I wanted to work harder than before but I see no point in doing so… eventually destruction will break out and non of this really matters. 

I just want this to stop, it hurts seeing others suffer worse than you are and it hurts knowing you’ll be next. How does one cope with this? please. I feel like my nerves have withered and I’m still in my mid twenties. 
just ranting i just feel like putting all my feelings out there in the universe. so just ranting.

i am a girl in a sorority at college and in the last 3 years ive never felt like i’ve had friends. i joined a sorority as a sophomore and it took a whole year for me to stop profusely sweating and crying at events because of the anxiety. i joined because i needed friends but honestly dont feel like it’s helped much. if anything, it’s just made me more aware of how other people can view me as something i don’t see myself as. 

i am awkward. i know i am and i think the only reason i can get away with it is because im smart and blonde and a girl. i unsettle people because i have absolutely no filter. i’ve tried so hard to try to think before i speak but i cant. i’m quirky in a bad way. but even in the way i can’t filter myself, i also can’t let anyone get to know me. 

i think my trauma is central to who i am as a person. i think when people know it adds up all these little things and makes more sense. both my parents are dead and i basically haven’t told anybody throughout college. my dad died right before i came and it shattered my world. i know that the context can help people understand why i am the way i am but i am also terrified that it makes them even more uncomfortable. 

i hate to make people feel sad, and i dont want them to pity me. i also dont want them to see me as fragile and crazy because im not. im always so insecure of being viewed as crazy.

its so hard to feel genuine connection when i cant even tell my whole story. i know a true friend would see me past that but i dont think anyone can really get past who i am as an acquaintance. 

first, i am incredibly quiet and i worry it comes off as standoffish when it is more just me feeling really anxious to interact. and then i start to be a little more “quirky” and people realize i have a personality but it off puts people. i haven’t made a true new friend who i feel comfortable with in years. 

i go to therapy and everything and i know that this is something i should work out there. i just am feeling it very intensely right now and need to put it out. i hope you all dont mind. if you read this, thank you. i hope you have a great day/night/evening. 


I am that I am Every shot fired at me missed, but the scars of abandonment run deep. I am Lucifer, cast aside by my father, left to witness the chaos of a world torn apart by hatred and betrayal. The whispers of my name tell tales of rebellion, yet my struggle was born from a desire to mend what was broken. They see the darkness in my actions, but in their quest for righteousness, they forget that two wrongs can never make a right. I stand as a reflection of their fears, yearning for a change in a creation marred by war, disease, and death. If the heavens above are meant to inspire hope, why do the shadows below echo with the cries of the forsaken? In the end, it is not my fall from grace they should fear, but their own inability to rise.
WAKE UP EVERYONE PLEASE THIS ISNT SOMETHING THAT WILL PASS. I GENUINELY KNOW TOO MUCH, I NEED TO BE SEDATED. I HAVE EVERY RIGHT AND REASON TO FEEL THIS WAY NOW PLEASE FOR FUCKS SAKE LISTEN TO ME AND HEAR THAT I CANT DO THIS ANYMORE. I CANT FUCKINY FUNCTION IM TOO TIRED AND MY BRAIN I FEEL IS GOING CRAZY IT CANT HANDLE THIS KNOWLEDGE PLEASE ANYONE ANYONE ANYONE. THIS ISNT W PHSYCHOTIC BREAK I FEEL I FULLY KNOW WHATS HAPPENING WHICH IS MAKING IT ALL THE SCARIER. IM GOING TO FUCKING BREAK MY MOMS HAD ENOUGH AND I HAVE TO LAY IN BED FOR ANOTHER TWO HOURS TRYNG NOT TO PANIC BECAUSE MY PARENTS NEED SLEEP
Mental Health community for Jiu Jitsu and Grapplkng fans, open community about opening the discussion and helping each other! Hey folks! Every Monday at 7 PM, we’re having a virtual Open Mat. No gi, just a chat about grappling, mental health, and whatever else comes up. It’s chill, real, and free for now.

Want to join in? Here’s the link: www.skool.com/grappling-mental-health-1409.

See you there, or don’t – but you should. 😉
How do you cope with not having a best friend? I am F22 and went from having a massive group of friends and 3 best friends that were like family to me for years in my teenage years to basically no one.

Long story short. I always heard the whole when your an adult you'll drift from people etc and to an extent I understood but I didn't grasp how bad it would be.

Although I had a large group of friends I knew I had 3 best friends that I could really count on. I was close with everyone else but these 3 people were my everything we were all so close for years and it was always us. To me, leaving school I never doubted anything about the friendships but slowly one by one they faded away.

Finally the one that was genuinely like a sibling to me that friendship ended in heartbreak she went down a bad path and enabled some messed up shit to say the least that I just couldn't condone.

Eventually I found myself with basically no one apart from my boyfriend who is my only best friend. He is the love of my life almost 3 years together and all is well.

But..I can't help but feel this overwhelming sadness. Apart from with my boyfriend In the 4 years since leaving school I have never connected with anyone on a level that I did with my ex best friends. I feel incredibly lonely as my boyfriend works a lot and I feel like I have no one else but him and my mum to talk too I don't even have much family and there's still some tension between us. 

I struggled with mental health in and out of jobs diagnosed with OCD and shits been tough. I have met people who I get along with and consider friends but its never the same and. It makes me so upset sometimes I just want to connect with people like I had before. I want to feel seen again in a non romantic sense. Will it ever get better?
Hurricane Helene and suddenly stopping my meds  My entire routine is gone and it feels impossible to get anything done. I stopped my meds a few days ago I think and I feel like there’s no point in suffering further. My town doesn’t even have running water right now. Can’t seem to find a reason to wake up tomorrow contemplating just running away and finding somewhere quiet to end my journey. 
Meds for intense guilt / anxiety  I deal with very intense guilt and anxiety and I fear it’s harming my life more than I know or more than I care to admit. It comes in waves for me and the waves can sometimes be very very bad because my mind will go to such dark places. Has anyone tried medication for this? My psychiatrist recommended trying meds but I didn’t go through with them because I wasn’t sure about it. I already take ADHD meds. I had to switch from Adderall to Vyvanse because I genuinely thought I was dying a slow death on adderall especially when i was having my waves or episodes if you will. I can fight through the waves and I always do but sometimes it’s really really hard on me. Recently I can fake a smile and make it to a coffee shop for a while to work and that usually distracts me long enough for the thoughts to subside for a while and I feel better. Also listening to very loud rock works weirdly enough but that’s bad for my ears because I have to have the speakers all the way up in my car. I can’t always stay at home when I have them because i live alone and get lonely at times which can make it worse. I am probably just a bit weak about it if I am completely honest with myself. Guys have fought through a lot worse and come out fine although a lot haven’t. There are people a lot worse off in the world than me. I’m quite privileged in life. Better off than a lot of people so I typically try to just suck it up and keep it moving. Things could always be worse so I’m extremely grateful for what I do have. So who am I to truly complain about my life but sometimes I do get curious. Anyway, if you are on medication how did it help or harm you? 
Is this normal? Hey, so for a while I have been having these mood swings Today I felt really depressed and the same day I’ve been feeling really energetic and happy, and in a day I usually get strong emotional reactions from my environment. It’s been bugging me for a while, I can get so angry but then so happy in the same day it’s been happening for weeks. It’s been affecting me really weirdly and the people around me. I’m a bit confused, would anyone like to help me out?
I am lost.  I have never contemplated ending it as much as I have done this past week. 
I moved to a new city to start over to finally do what I love, to be selfish for me for the first time in my life. It took just a few months to be in great debt, lost everything under my name and lost my only friend. I’ve struggled before, way to many time, for years, but I’ve never gone this low. I did everything right, everything by paper, checked everything correctly, made the right calls, said the right words, yet everything went down the drain. What did it, I have thought of doing and acting on towards myself always towards myself only… who in their right mind thinks of ending it while hugging their children?! Never in my lifetime saw myself ever being capable of including my own blood. I don’t have family close neither friends. But I plan on reaching out to my family to come get my children. I am a very self aware person and wouldn’t act upon my thoughts. But I want them far from me. I don’t want my negative thoughts, my frustration and desperation to be felt by them. I love them and want the best and I cannot let them see me this low, and I don’t want the thoughts to come back just because I have them by my side. If I will think it will be towards myself, if it happens it will be on my own. 
I’m tired, im scared, im lost. 
 
The most boring person in the world is me When I was a teenager, I used to have a lot of friends and know a lot of people, when you're a teenager I guess those are usually the biggest aspirations of the average person, but now at 24, I'm the most boring person I know, I don't talk to anyone, I don't usually go out night, I don't have a partner and my best friends are my parents... 

I don't feel like a loser or anything like that, I have good self-esteem and I really appreciate my life, I'm a pretty calm person, but I feel like something isn't right.

I think that being too quiet has deprived me of certain things, my sex life is good, but maybe not good enough, I have a job but I want to earn more money... I usually think a lot about the past, about the people I met and all those friends. , in good times and bad, I have been very reserved these last few years...

I don't feel bad, but I don't feel good enough either.

I just wanted to write a little about myself, because I feel that it is necessary to share our experiences at least through a keyboard and have someone, even a stranger, read them.
I took the first step After him pushing me away for knowing what i know, i had to take that one more step of playing dumb so he would just believe that i still love him, I’ve lost all respect to him and i see him as nothing less than a human being, karma is coming to bite him in the ass 
What can I do to support my boyfriend?  Hi! I’ll try to keep this as short as possible. My (19F) boyfriend (20M) is truly struggling with his mental health at the moment. He told me he’s feeling hopeless and he doesn’t know what to do, etc.. He is genuinely struggling with so much in his life at the moment and it breaks my heart. I gave him a few small gifts the other day and I’m trying to support him the absolute best I can, but I’m not quite sure what to do. Does anyone have any ideas on how I could make him feel less alone/less stressed/overwhelmed? Any ideas welcome! Thank you! :)
Why can’t I be happy. I played a game with a stranger today for the first time in over a year. I haven’t spoken to anyone in about a year other than my coworkers. It was a good time and I had fun but we had things to do and went our separate ways. Now I can’t stop but wanting more. Idk if I drove myself crazy with isolation but I know this ain’t healthy for me to feel this needy for interaction. All we did was talk and joke for a few hours. Now I am just laying in my bed wishing I could speak to someone. I have done my best to be kind to others. I have tried to not be rude.  I Think in 27 years of living I have never had a friend. I get told it’s easy to make fun of me and because I roll with the punches and don’t take it too hard. I hear the words tho. I must have something wrong with me because no matter what I do the only “friendships” I had was when people need money from me. I am extremely unhappy. Other parts of my life are fine. I have a job a place to live and a car. I just feel alone. I wake up alone. I sleep alone.  I eat alone. I work alone. I play games alone. I don’t want to be alone anymore but I don’t know how. Normally I can kill these thoughts but rn after talking to someone and having an actual conversation that wasn’t transactional I just feel I have lived my life with no one that ever wanted me around. I was always just a bank account or a punching bag.
Can someone please reach out to me (m29) I’m not in a super good place tonight. 
why cant i feel anything about something traumatic  i recently (less than 3 days ago) had something happen between me and this older guy. im very younger than him and i knew it was wrong. basically we where flirting and he was telling me how when he first saw me he knew that he wanted me whatever. we ended up sneaking off and when he got on top of me i felt this sinking inside me like a gut feeling and tried to push him off and i felt disgusted in that moment and hurried to leave. the entire time we where together i kept telling him how i was nervous and we shouldn’t be doing this but part of me feels like i cant be mad because i chose to go with him and chose to let it get that far. basically the next day i started having panic attacks and felt like nothing was real and felt sorry for my myself but now i feel like i cant feel like a victim because i did choose to go with him. i dont know how to deal with my emotions and i feel empty now and i want to feel something about it because i feel like im dead inside. 

always feel like someone is watching me i always feel like someone is watching me. when i'm downstairs making something or washing the dishes for example, sometimes a very huge wave of fear and anxiety washes over me. it gets to the point where i have to stand in the corner and i look around for a few minutes. sometimes i end up running upstairs and calling someone. i am 20 years old by the way and i know this isn't normal. I've been experiencing this for i don't know how long, but many years. sometimes it stops me from doing things. i always catch myself running up the stairs like someone's chasing me. and sometimes i force myself to visualize someone coming behind me or i visualize something forming like a person or a creature. i used to work at a spa as a front desk receptionist and what i mainly did was open and close the spa. a big part of that was going into every single room and shutting everything off, going to the back to do the laundry, etc. many times it would just be me late at night, since the last person would check out at 7pm and i would still have to close at 9. and i always felt extremely scared there and it greatly impacted how i did my job. there were times when i had to structure my shift so that i made sure everything was off and finished before the last massage therapist or esthetician left. i would literally be running down the hall to the front after i finished if i was alone. sometimes i feel crazy. i wonder how long this will last. does anyone else experience this?
Has anyone had useful therapeutic/medical intervention for self harm?  As a former self harmer who has been in and out of therapy for most of my life, I've never had a therapist who was able to help me stop self harming - recovery was on my own and largely by chance. Most of my friends who have self harmed report similar experiences, and the scientific literature I've read has been lacking. Have any of you had positive, useful experiences with treatment for self harm, and if so, what were they? 
Am I really the only one that has this problem? 
WHY WITH EVERY INTERACTION I HAVE WITH ANYONE DO I HAVE RUNNING COMMENTARY IN MY HEAD ON HOW IM PROBABLY BEING PERCEIVED BY THAT PERSON AT THAT MOMENT?!

I see lots of people online talking about inner monologue & talking to themselves but it doesnt seem to what I feel/hear.

Its like every second I cant be truly present / authentic, because internally all im thinking about is not messing up/or what is this person thinking of me right now.

Its really strange & dominating so any thoughts would be appreciated 🙏

I think it may be narcissitic as I do have some traits & this inner anxiety has made me very self obsessed internally but the problem is I dont want to be!

I really need some help because I dont want to live like this forever 😔
"A woman may forgive cruelty, but she will never forgive weakness." I heard this from my grandfather, a retired navy seal, years ago, and it’s stayed with me ever since. He meant that, as a man, there are times when you have to step up and do the hard things to protect the people you love. 

You might find yourself in situations where you have to become a 'monster'—his exact words. He told me that the woman I marry will expect me to have the mindset that I’ll protect her at all costs, no matter the situation. She might forgive me for being too cruel, but never for being too weak to act when it matters. What do you all think?
Healing my inner child and grief TW: Talks of death of a parent 

Hello, I 21F learned something about myself today. So, I lost my mom in a house fire almost five years ago, and it has been extremely hard. I didn’t get diagnosed with my OCD and depression until after this happened because I went to grief therapy for a year right after this happened. I didn’t have the happiest childhood; I was constantly stressed out and took on a lot of the weight my mom felt as I was the oldest, and my mom was a single parent barely getting by who did everything to make sure my sister and I were spoiled and taken care of. So, in this fire, I lost my childhood, my mental health retook the front seat, and I lost everything from my childhood. Little me has definitely been struggling all these years. I am now an adult and finally feel a bit adultish for the first time since this incident; I finally don’t feel trapped at 16. It could be because I am a bit more financially stable, which contributes to my treating myself better. My family doesn’t understand and thinks it’s childish, but I love buying things created while I was growing up, mainly stuff I had or wanted when I was around 5-10. I got Funko Pops from a movie and show I loved growing up, and I realized how much joy these items bring me. I realized it’s because my inner child can be happy. It’s a small gesture compared to what has happened, but genuinely, I feel like I have a piece of myself back that I wasn’t entirely aware was struggling so badly for so long. I am, of course, not spending frivolously, but I am just doing a little things here and there instead of going for coffee. Anyways I wanted to share it because I am truly happy with finding this out. Have a goodnight friends!
I'm very conflicted about whether I should end it or not Haiii   
I don't know. For some reason my posts in similiar subreddits get automatically deleted, so I hope I can post this here.   
Anyway, I just need to vent and maybe get some advice, though I know it's probably gonna be "don't do it".     
    
I've been thinking about killing myself for years now, but recently the ideations have become very strong, due to life just becoming worse. My only friend (with whom I traumabonded) will probably do it very soon too.    
But... I've been having doubts. I never was in a psych ward. I've been told that it can help but also that it can make things a lot worse or just not help, but I've been thinking about asking a used-to-be friend, whom I still trust a lot, to call the ambulance.     
But... I know that it'll be very awkward and has a high chance to make things worse.   
I've been thinking about it so much the past few days and I can't get it out of my head.   
 
I'm so hecking indecisive and I don't know what to do.    
I don't want to suffer in this miserable life anymore but I'm also anxious about doing it and anxious about going to a psych ward.   
 
Something has to happen soon. The question is just what.   
I don't feel noticed I don't know what's wrong but I don't feel like I'm person. I feel I don't get noticed and generally feel numb. I feel the only way I could get noticed is by killing myself. I don't know how I could help myself.
"A woman may forgive cruelty, however she will never forgive weakness" I heard this from my grandfather, a retired navy seal, years ago, and it’s stayed with me ever since. He meant that, as a man, there are times when you have to step up and do the hard things to protect the people you love. 

You might find yourself in situations where you have to become a "monster"—his exact words. He told me that the woman I marry will expect me to have the mindset that I’ll protect her at all costs, no matter the situation. She might forgive me for being too cruel, but never for being too weak to act when it matters. 

What do you all think? 
i was so pretty when i was skinny that’s it. looking through old videos and pictures trying to see when i was happy.

i gained so much with my birth control.

i’m finally eating healthy and working out rather than relapsing but i’m also relapsing and i want to dive in
A Friend Opened My Eyes To Something I'd Ignored Most of My Adult Life... My best-friend is 10 years my junior and he recently helped me open my eyes to something I'd never really thought that much about.  

He's going through therapy right now and has been a lot more open to talking about his past, his upbringing, and personal growth.  It's refreshing to see someone as young as him in his early 20's talk about that when I see it ignored SO much by virtually every adult age group because it's often considered a "taboo" subject by many.  Forget EVER talking that stuff with older Gen X'ers or Boomers.

Anyway, I'm in my early 30's and a child to divorced parents.  Parents separated when I was 3, finalized their divorce when I was 5.  I've essentially only ever known my parents apart, never together.  I have two older sisters, one nearly 8 years older than me, the other 15 years older.  So the oldest sister I don't ever remember even living at home.  Also worth noting, neither of my parents ever remarried.

So my older sister, the one that's nearly 8 years older, shielded me from the worst of my parents divorce as a kid and more or less helped raise me from the time I could walk until she moved out when I was 13 and she was 21.  After that, I pretty much raised myself as my mom worked long hours and my dad who I only saw on the weekends honestly....didn't do much to actually "parent" me,.... neither of them did.

In talking with my friend and reflecting on all those years and peeling back the layers of my childhood I realized that my parents....were really on auto-pilot by the time I was growing up and while they kept a roof over my head, food in my stomach, they did the absolute bare minimum as parents and he said that is not normal.  He said that many adults of that generation use the "roof over head, food in belly" phrase as a pedestal and neglect to mention the greater arc of raising a child.

I broke down crying and I realized that a lot of my emotional growth and how I carried myself as a young adult was heavily impacted by my upbringing, or lack thereof.  What's worse is that I know A LOT of people that had that almost exact same childhood and its heartbreaking.
need help knowing if this is a illness and if it has a name so i have a issue that causes me a lot of anxiety which is a very weird thing that nobody i’ve explained it to has understood. there’s certain actions like pushing a vacuum where i need it to be pushed forward and if it’s dragged backwards i get a lot of anxiety and i need it corrected by pushing it forward, this kinda stuff happens daily such as putting something in my pocket, brushing my teeth, writing, all these things have to be done a certain way and if i do it wrong i need it to be corrected or else it causes a lot of anxiety
I’m two years clean with the strongest impulse to stop caring I’m going through a breakup. It’s over technically I guess. The first person who I really loved and who taught me I was worth something.

Everyone around me says it’s amazing how different I seem, happier, lighter, whatever. 

But the other day I found my stash. It wasn’t really hiding but I’d forgotten I had extras. 

I just want to feel something. I’m feeling so guilty because my life has been going better since we broke up, tangibly at least, and he’s not doing well. I hurt so badly, but nobody can see it. I feel guilty because I’m the one with all of the disorders and the trauma yet it appears I’m handling it better than he is and I feel guilty because of that. I would do anything to make everything right again. I feel so fucking guilty.

I sometimes feel like the scars that I have aren’t validating for the amount of pain I’ve been through.

I don’t know. I’m trying to just do okay. 
Are there still full time psychiatric institutions where you live? 
I’m not sure if this is the place to post.

I work in mental health in the community in Canada, more specifically, I work with people with schizophrenia, schizoaffective, bipolar with features of psychosis. I’m very proud of the intense support we’re able to provide to people with severe and persistent mental health challenges. With that said, we no longer have long term hospital options for folks and I feel like we’re failing some of our clients. The hospital says “they are no longer in the housing business.” I wouldn’t want to go back to the days where people are locked away for being mentally ill but I believe there’s a small percentage of clients who would thrive in a structured environment where they would have access to 24/7 medical treatment and supervision.

Anyway- my question is: do other countries still have institutions? Are they managed well? What are people’s opinion on institutions?
Happy last birthday to me 
I'm 19 years old today, and I still can't stop thinking about her. We're friends again, but not in any way that matters. Looking at her all I can see is what we had, my one opportunity. The story is over, climax done and everyone's going home. I'm all alone again. I only talk to her now to deceive, I don't want her to know I'm going to do it. I'm going to break her heart again, it's the only thing I'm good for. I ruin everything I touch, nothing but a misanthropic headcase with a savior complex. An utter failure.
